Lemnisk latest doc (#1136)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/streaming-destinations/lemnisk/lemnisk-device-mode.mdx

---
title: "Lemnisk Device Mode"
description: Send events to Lemnisk using RudderStack web device mode.
---

RudderStack lets you send your event data to Lemnisk via the <Link to="/destinations/rudderstack-connection-modes/#device-mode">device mode</Link> using the native web SDK.

## Identify

You can use the <Link to="/event-spec/standard-events/identify">`identify`</Link> call to identify a user and associate them to their actions. It also lets you record any traits about them like their name, email, etc.

> When you send an `identify` event via Rudderstack, Lemnisk's [`identify`](https://lemnisk.gitbook.io/lemnisk-platform-documentation/events/identify) event is triggered. Lemnisk needs a unique user ID to associate an event with a user. By default, Lemnisk uses a cookie to identify the user. Optionally, a unique user ID can be passed in the first parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you send an `identify` event via Rudderstack, Lemnisk's [`identify`](https://lemnisk.gitbook.io/lemnisk-platform-documentation/events/identify) event is triggered. Lemnisk needs a unique user ID to associate an event with a user. By default, it uses a cookie to identify the user. Optionally, you can also pass a unique user ID in the first parameter.
```

Reviewer: "in the first parameter.." could be confusing. LMK if the above change makes sense.
